## 1:1 meetings

## 27-02-2024
- Github updates
	- Reorganising community calls: https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3533
	- Onboarding & offboarding calls: https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3498
	- Working group -- had sent to MS by email: https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3499
	- Access considerations: https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3491
- Newsletter draft: https://github.com/the-turing-way/newsletter/issues/7
- Communications updates
	- Promotion of Book Dash - now online
	- TTW PH event - now online
	- Data Hazards - 27 Feb
	- Electronic Lab Notebooks - 29 Feb
- Scriberia images - will post in #askaway next week

## 13-02-2024
- Linkedin page: process for review
	- ALS will make issue, MS will respond.
- Buttondown platform: confirmation/email for people to transfer accounts
- Working Group documentation review
	- Is there anything that we can do for a project log?
	- Send over to MS ASAP -- with email
- Community Call: anything to prepare:
	- MS is making slide deck
	- Introducing this call, agenda-setting, passing on to working groups to start
	- Open floor for question/answer
- Scriberia images
	- Could be a good internship project? GSoC or GDOC?
	- https://betterimagesofai.org/
	- https://alan-turing-institute.github.io/turing-commons/resources/gallery/
- Upcoming trainings & events
	- ACM REP 2024 meetings (June 18th-20th, 2024)
	- DCE Community call
	- Ireland OSCP: Pen giving this on
	- csv,CONF is coming soon

## 30-01-2024
- Accepted for School of Commons programme!
- Discussed art and science, gap between optimism and practicality, responsibility of facilitating a third space
- Questions about newsletter (january 2024 - switching to buttondown, sending last message on tinyletter)

## 16-1-2024
- Current tasks
	- This week, I am focused on reviewing papers: RCM team (deadline for final review?), RS CM paper, Inclusive events chapter. 
		- Currently splitting time at Collab Cafe between a few different working groups
	- Have been testing out new task-tracking system with AAA: https://github.com/orgs/the-turing-way/projects/3/views/1
	- Archived notes with infra/accessibility wg, will ask same of translation team
- To discuss with MS: 
	- Calendar for 2024: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lWCWKAAXSlluo5d78LAjoMS9dfDxB27Y7Fb_wGI9B6Q/edit#gid=577525947
		- Email with AAA+MS+ALS has notes and questions
	- OpenUK: did we have an iPad? I can confirm with Emma
	- TTW Delivery Team meeting transition to TTW - PM meeting
	- Objectives review: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1B9JaCvYwa5ZlP1vsMA9iHXcB2yFx0n-tuQx5IzS5eoA/edit
	- FOSDEM travel: should I want until my visa has been confirmed?
- Notes
	- Create 2024 folder in open-community-management
	- Archive 2023 notes from this pad 
	- Adding Book Dash task -> fragment that into different categories 
	- Knowledge management, how & where does it fit? 
		- Does it need a schema or data flow to understand where people are interacting with the repository?
		- People are depending on the main repository 
		- ALS & AAA get started with this, sharing with infrastructure team 
		- What role does the TTW translation team?
		- In creating new repository
			- How they can access it? How can this be clear or acceptable? 
		- ALS: Sent a message to translation & localisation team
	- OpenUK: don't need anything!
		- ALS: Ask AAA to get Community Ticket 
	- FOSDEM: Book personally with option to reimbursement/cancelation option
	- Newsletter:
		- Platform research: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i8KM1IXyWyUQ_hmz8iGezrxwva7oToilyJGyUbWGemA/edit
		- Switching to ButtonDown
		- All archives here: https://buttondown.email/turingway/archive/
	- Eventbrite replacement
		- Platform research: https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/2811#issuecomment-1795805789
	- ALS: Confirm platform replacement in delivery team channel
	- Event calendars
		- Fireside Chats
		- TTW PH webinars
		- Onboarding calls - every 2 months
		- Community Calls (bi-annual) 
	- Community events committee? 
		- Prototype with the fireside chat and onboarding 
		- Community-owned
		- Relationship to retired working groups: trainers/mentors, reviewers/editors
			- Need to edit/transform the grid from last year
			- The people who were doing it before, it wasn't entry into new experience
			- Very transactional, not rewarding
			- Fireside chats & training is more 
		- ALS: Post in community/askaway channel
		- Onboarding: Danny, Jim, Richard, Susana, Shern 
		- Fireside Chat: how can we have more of a transparent way of organising these events?
			- There's a way of nominating speakers and public/community involvement in the process
			- Is there really even a need for a committee?
			- Should they be more of a seminar? should they be more of a panel format?
			- Arielle - pre-organised mixers based on topics 
			- TTW PH Seminar: catered to Bridge AI network
		- ALS: Reach out to Marion
		- 5 years of TTW? Reproducibility 5 years on? From SSI!
			- Podcast can be live-recorded! Peter could live-record.
		- ALS: Will bring a few more ideas to the next 1:1
	- Regular TTW gardening (habit building with ALS!)
		- Events calendar: 
		- Github calendar
		- Start.page
		- Guide for Accessibility
		- Pushing for website!
	- Communications Plan
		- Banners https://www.canva.com/design/DAFcm01WS-s/Te2XS6vEVAQcTEEVmd3igw/edit
		- Building communications plan (trial): https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Gf7-0iDl6bNUuukqki4AjAw8NMQDhUBM/edit
		- Acknowledging the gaps is just as important!
		- Start collecting events again for different groups to present
	- Governance
		- Leadership, working group chairs, delivery team
	- Objectives Review
		- Give thumbs up by next week - try to finalise everything else!
		- Will send to KW next week!
	- TTW Delivery Team <-> TTW PM Meeting
		- Planning the schedule for next two sessions
		- Survival bias!
		- Stay in coworking session in 1:1 
		- Informational asymmetry -> working with relationship to AAA
		- Emotional relationship 