# Weekly Meetings 2022

* [07 December 2022](#date-09-november-2022)
* [09 November 2022](#date-09-november-2022)
* [02 November 2022](#date-02-november-2022)
* [26 October 2022](#date-26-october-2022)
* [19 October 2022](#date-19-october-2022)
* [12 October 2022](#date-12-october-2022)
* [05 October 2022](#date-05-october-2022)
* [14 September 2022](#date-14-september-2022)
* [31 August 2022](#date-31-august-2022)
* [17 August 2022](#date-17-august-2022)
* [27 July 2022](#date-27-july-2022)
* [20 July 2022](#date-20-july-2022)
* [13 July 2022](#date-13-july-2022)
* [6 July 2022](#date-6-july-2022) 
* [15 June 2022](#date-15-june-2022)
* [08 June 2022](#date-8-june-2022)
* [25 May 2022](#date-25-may-2022)
* [17 May 2022](#date-17-may-2022)
* [03 May 2022](#date-03-may-2022)
* [27 April 2022](#date-27-april-2022)
* [12 April 2022](#date-12-april-2022)
* [29 March 2022](#date-29-march-2022)
* [22 March 2022](#date-22-march-2022)
* [11 March 2022](#date-11-march-2022)
* [04 March 2022](#date-4-march-2022)
* [15 Feburary 2022](#date-15-february-2022)
* [08 Feburary 2022](#date-08-february-2022)
* [01 Feburary 2022](#date-01-february-2022)
* [18 January 2022](#date-18-january-2022)
* [11 January 2022](#date-11-january-2022)

-----
## 

## Date 07 December 2022

### Check-in ritual
Starting to get back into the swing of things after holidays!

### Project specific Reflection
Just catching-up and making sure loose ends are tied up to set me up for a good January!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* EZ with advice about slack bots/welcome messages
* AB- onboarded into partnership
 * EK - thanks for helping with slack. :raised_hands:

#### Who helped you this week?
* RC with joining comms chat last minute
* AS as always, keeping things ticking along and covering!

#### What did you achieve?
* Published 'versus' video and promoted
* Onboarded new funded project postdoc- AB
* Planned Knowledge Share events with YZ for next year
* Prepped December Knowledge Share 
* Tracked funding applications to see what came from the workshop
* Prepped newsletter to send out this week
* Made slides on community achievements this year for Roche
* Had end of year joint steering committee meeting

#### What did you struggle with?
* SM paper comms still a bit unclear
* Getting website stuff uploaded 

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Start planning for next year- how to work with funded projects and integrate community
* Deliver December's Knowledge Share
* Catch up on EZ's R workshops

#### Where do you need help?
* How do I move Slack over- where is the request form? SB said EZ sent everyone a magic link for login but not sure how to do this so need to investigate... but want to take advantage of new year logging in!
 * EK - contact IT services to arrange this.  
* AI UK- keen for a partnership talk if possible in the health schedule
 * EK - yes that would be good but it needs to be something that will spark excitement - new research. Lightning talk (10 mins).  

#### Any other topics
* For your chat with academic engagement- would like to pass on some feedback about working with the postdocs- keen to do this. 

## Date 09 November 2022

### Check-in ritual
Feel like I'm in a battle this week not to switch on the heating! But doing good :) And was nice to see Roche last week! 

### Project specific Reflection
Tying up loose ends before holidays and planning for end of year activities!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* RC with Enrichment submission
* Team with email text for expert panel

#### Who helped you this week?
* MOG did a great job running the strategy meeting 
* LL with versus video

#### What did you achieve?
* Had strategy meeting- some good brainstorming on long term goals, legacy
* Had a meeting with UKRN- joined TPS team- sounds like we will be strengthening connections!
* Had training on filling in Equality Impact Assessments (EIA)- will have to do a few of these!
* Did some TTW reviewing- think next steps will be decided at the bookdash
* Versus video is almost up! 
* Ran knowledge share event 
 - EK - I'm excited to see the video. 

#### What did you struggle with?
* Not many responses on my workshop feedback survey (as expected!)- will chase
* Expert panel discussions but reached a conclusion!
* No reply from events and comms on certain bits but will chase up 
* Still waiting on ambassador scheme- considering other options

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Publish and promote versus video
* Upload knowledge share video and do follow up

#### Where do you need help?
* Just be on standby for any cover for holiday- but AS should be sorted
- EK yes - this is fine, just email me with what you need covered.

#### Any other topics
N/A


## Date 02 November 2022

### Check-in ritual
Feeling good- not too much to report this week!

### Project specific Reflection
Good to have a bit more calmness for now but think it will be interesting to see what comes out of the strategic meeting and how this will change my workload/community plans!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Helped with a few funding call queries
* Onboarded CB to partnership

#### Who helped you this week?
* MOG has been helpful with Roche's perspective on the agenda, will be finalising today hopefully 

#### What did you achieve?
* Put together and sent out workshop survey to participants
* Ran prep meeting with speakers for next week's Knowledge Share 
* Put together newsletter- will be going out on Friday
* Ran second funding call co-working session
* Caught up with Roche comms

#### What did you struggle with?
* Know I need to dive back into reviewing the ambassador scheme but hard to get motivated!

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Started prepping for December's Knowledge Share so I'm organised with upcoming Nov annual leave- have Roche speaker confirmed, just need to recruit Turing one
* Review ambassador docs
* Run Knowledge Share and do follow up from it e.g uploading video

#### Where do you need help?
* None at the mo- will fill you in on how strategic day went next week!

#### Any other topics
* EK - we need to discuss slack enterprise next week and how it has gone with Turing-RSS workspace.
 * TMF project - can you please suggest some contacts that would be good to come the health summitt.  

## Date 26 October 2022

### Check-in ritual
Nice to be in the office a bit this week and have some social time :)

### Project specific Reflection
Feeling a bit more on top of things this week and have some breathing space.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Workshop attendees in co-working session- hopefully some further collaboration
* AS with partnership reporting

#### Who helped you this week?
* RC, CH and AS with co-working session
* SM with bullet points about partnership publication to send to comms

#### What did you achieve?
* Delivered first virtual co-working session post the workshop
* Watched Turing-Roche versus video and sent back edits
* Emailed comms about having partnership publication featured as news/blog, waiting to hear back
* Finalised workshop report- just waiting for BM input
* Did some co-working with HS on TTW
* Knowledge Share event promotion

#### What did you struggle with?
* Strategy day agenda... will see how we go!
* Worried about AS with IP queries but not much I can do- co-working ended up as a bit of a Q&A

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Will be onboarding new postdoc CB tomorrow 
* Catching up with Roche comms
* Prepping for November Knowledge Share 
* Strategy Day!

#### Where do you need help?
* None at the mo

#### Any other topics
N/A

## Date 19 October 2022

### Check-in ritual
Still feeling busy but mainly good busy ha!

### Project specific Reflection
Lots of post workshop bits but seems like there has been some good collaboration which is promising! 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* MB with overview of community management within the partnership
* RC with setting up Slack channels for him to talk to workshop attendees

#### Who helped you this week?
* BM gave good endorsment of community management at SM funded project kick off meeting
* RC has been really helpful with engaging with the workshop attendees in the slack and via email and planning next steps

#### What did you achieve?
* Kick off meeting for SM projects- did some slides on community management and was good to meet the teams 
* Started workshop report
* Met with CS and gave him instructions for his demystifying video- he will be prepping in a few weeks

#### What did you struggle with?
* Strategy meeting for partnership has been put in the diary for November 4th. Helping out with agenda but worry it might end up a bit aimless like last year
 * EK - you can only but keep trying to move them in the right direction! Hopefully MB will help you with this.

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Versus video has been sent over so need to check editing.. and maybe fight the YouTube fight again
* Hosting first post workshop virtual co-working on Thursday
* Will be preparing a survey for workshop attendees
* Making event page for November's Knowledge Share 

#### Where do you need help?
* Really appreciate your comments on my objectives- looking forward to finalising!
 * EK - we got this finished! Please do now add to Cezanne. 

#### Any other topics
N/A 


## Date 12 October 2022

### Check-in ritual
Workshop done- a success!
* Well done - the success is all down to your hard work! :star:

### Project specific Reflection
Feels like a big tick off the list- will now be working on follow up and other bits for the year e.g new PDRA starting, strategy day November 4th. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Partnership team with workshop

#### Who helped you this week?
* AS with all the organisation

#### What did you achieve?
* Knowledge Share event went well
* Workshop!

#### What did you struggle with?
* Packing everything in but should have more time from now on

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Kick off meeting with structured missingness- need to think about what I want from them community wise 
* Objectives
* De-mystifying video with Cameron
* Community manager report 

#### Where do you need help?
* Will do objectives next week and we can review :)
 * EK - Yes happy to review them before next weeks meeting.

#### Any other topics
N/A

## Date 05 October 2022

### Check-in ritual
Feeling refreshed but coming back to busy times!

### Project specific Reflection
Mostly focusing on the workshop next week! 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Partnership team with getting everything in order for the workshop

#### Who helped you this week?
* AS with great cover!
* EK with event promotion 

#### What did you achieve?
* Catching up on inbox
* Prepping for October Knowledge share next week and getting speakers sorted for November's
* Recorded Turing-Roche versus video with SM and BM
* Finalising workshop agenda and logistics, contacting attendees
* Prepping newsletter to send out hopefully this week
* Goatherding

#### What did you struggle with?
* Still feel like the workshop lacks a bit of structure in the breakout sessions but probably just my personal preference and will be fine on the night!
* Catching up with TTW work
* DW not being available for video recording
 * EK - send an email and copy me and MB in if there is any problems with this. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Knowledge Share event and workshop Monday and Tuesday respectively
* Any workshop follow-up
* TTW reviewing bits

#### Where do you need help?
* Objective setting- next week after the workshop is probably a good time
 * EK - Please make a google doc to start drafting this and we can discuss it in the next few weeks. Thanks for highlighting this. 

#### Any other topics
N/A


## Date 14 September 2022

### Check-in ritual
Very busy week but grateful for efficient team working! Really enjoyed myself at RSECon- felt good to connect with people in a conference setting again!

### Project specific Reflection
Funding call launched successfully- good amount of initial interest but need to ensure comms is maintained to get workshop applications in time etc. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Connected someone from RSECon to UKRN team
  * EK - Can you feedback to the lab about RSECon please. 
* KP with slides for a talk to ABPI that NG is giving

#### Who helped you this week?
* AS with support as always!
* Roche colleagues with putting together slides for Q&A session 

#### What did you achieve?
* Knowledge Share on Monday
* Initial planning meeting for workshop and putting together agenda, logistics
* Slides and planning for Q&A session
* Comms for workshops and funding call- posting on slack, organising with Turing comms
* Started brainstorming TTW activities with HS and JD
  * EK - data wrangler team are looking to join in more with TTW and need a project.  

#### What did you struggle with?
* Feels like a lot packed in with the bank holiday!
* Support for AS
  * EK - I can highlight this to MB. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?
Finishing up this week:
* Knowledge Share follow up- uploading to YouTube, sending email round to attendees
* Q&A for funding call session on Friday and any follow-up
* Handing over workshop stuff to Alvaro 

#### Where do you need help?
* Really struggling to recruit a speaker for October's Knowledge Share- have tried for weeks. Can send you across info about where I'm at- would really appreciate if you could cover for me whilst I'm away!
   * EK - I can cover this!  

#### Any other topics
* Need 1:1's cancelling for next 2 weeks

## Date 31 August 2022

### Check-in ritual
Nice to have people back after hols- bit of new year energy!

### Project specific Reflection
Will be feeling good when the funding call is launched next week- trying to get organised for all the associated community activities especially as I'm away for the last 2 weeks of September.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Gave some advice to potential applicants for T-R PDRA role
* Me and AS continue to support each other during this busy time! 

#### Who helped you this week?
* Met with FD- had a good discussion around comms and messaging around partnership news stories
   * EK - let's discuss Linkedin for the health programme more. 
* YZ on it with planning 

#### What did you achieve?
* Filmed demystfying video! 
* Started finding speakers for October Knowledge Share
* Working with website team to get funding call and workshop info uploaded
   * EK - well done getting the first video done :star: and all the prep for autumn events/funding calls. 

#### What did you struggle with?
* Think strategy for partnership will rear its head again

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Will be at RSECon Mon-Weds so looking forward to a bit of networking- haven't been to a conference for years!
* Prepping and sending newsletter
* Prepping for Knowledge Share- speaker prep, choose polls and plan networking bit at the end
* Uploading demystifying video

#### Where do you need help?
* Bouncing ideas for Q&A and workshop as I get further down the planning stage

#### Any other topics
* Will be away for our 1:1 next week as at RSECon

## Date 17 August 2022

### Check-in ritual
Feeling good after a week off!

### Project specific Reflection
On the final stretch with the workshop and funding call documents- just need to get them finalised then will be ready to go for September/October. Ambassador's programme getting there with legal but think launch next year looking likely.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* DC and EZ with discussions on how to run events
* Caught CH up with everything that has been going on since his sabbatical

#### Who helped you this week?
* AS been good to bounce ideas off 

#### What did you achieve?
* Sent newsletter and set up next Knowledge Share event 
* Documents Documents Documents!

#### What did you struggle with?
* BM not being here- been hard to push back on certain requests etc and get the academic angle.
* EK - Speak to TP about this if possible but let me know if nothing happens. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Review onboarding document for funded projects and plan how to engage with them from a community perspective
* Get workshop booked and more finalisation round that.

#### Where do you need help?
* Support on transparency for funding available!

#### Any other topics
* EK - I will sort out comms contacts for Roche and a regular meeting. 

## Date 27 July 2022

### Check-in ritual
Loved our mini lunch yesterday- thanks for the Colin! 🐛

### Project specific Reflection
Been good to do some events and get some interaction outside of editing documents 😅- enjoyed our NHS talk and the Knowledge Share yesterday. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* AS with checking on legal docs for ambassador programme
* Speakers prep for Knowledge Share

#### Who helped you this week?
* EK with being backup for event 

#### What did you achieve?
* NHS D TTW talk
* Made a metrics tracking sheet after EK suggestion last week- really helped to show me what I've achieved and gave me new perspective on who's 'in' the community 
* 2 hour workshop on challenges around reproducibility for UKRN
* Ran Knowledge Share event 🎉
    * EK - well doen thsi was great! :tada: 
* Demystifying video planning with RC
* Recruiting speakers for next Knowledge Share events

#### What did you struggle with?
* No reply from comms yet re: mini blog
* Travel faff for RSE conference

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Uploading Knowledge Share video and sending round post event email
* Expert Panel meeting to discuss workshops this afternoon
* Planning workshops with SM

#### Where do you need help?
* None at the mo!
    * EK - please reach out to MS if you need help with anything while I am on holiday. 

#### Any other topics
* Catch-up on 17th August? - Yes! 

## Date 20 July 2022

### Check-in ritual
Surviving the heat! 

### Project specific Reflection
From my side community stuff going ok. I think a bit of frustration around Turing red tape but we'll get there.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* TC with blog plans

#### Who helped you this week?
* AC with potential speaker for November Knowledge Share- came out of lab meeting so thinking should connect with the RAMs more often!
* SM now reviewing the fellows docs

#### What did you achieve?
* TTW slides- looking forward to the talk!
* Started forward planning for Knowledge Share series and inviting speakers

#### What did you struggle with?
* Feel a bit in limbo with things like the ambassdaors programme, project management etc. Hoping August will have some more decisions made.

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Knowledge Share series 
* Expert Panel Meeting
* Workshop planning

#### Where do you need help?
* Are you free on Monday to be my back up host at knowledge share? - EK - yes I can do this.
* Can you send over instructions for the ELIXIR video? Do you have your example?

#### Any other topics
* EK - Ask KV - Stats for webpages, blog parent page and then child pages for each blog.


## Date 13 July 2022

### Check-in ritual
Feeling good this week, been nice to be in the office!

### Project specific Reflection
Ambassadors programme feels like we're getting there, just need to make a decision on whether we launch it in autumn or start of 2023 as its getting a bit tight... 
Everything else on track at the mo.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
- DB from Roche with intro to TTW

#### Who helped you this week?
- MS and EK with advice about ambassadors programme
- EC with connecting Roche REG up to Turing REG

#### What did you achieve?
- Prepped video document
- Had brainstorming meeting for next Knowledge Share events for the rest of the year. Also thinking about a mini-symposium for early next year

#### What did you struggle with?
- Summer seems fast approaching- finding it difficult to find dates for video recording and also want to make sure all the upcoming partnership decisions are made

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Talk for NHSD
- Start finding speakers for future seminars

#### Where do you need help?
- Unsure what to do about RSECon invite from UKRN- feel a bit underqualified, not sure about travel costs
- Need to think of some speakers for Knowledge Share- analysis of clinico-genomics- can you think of anyone?
- Knowledge share series not getting much registrations- any help promoting!

#### Any other topics
- N/A

## Date 6 July 2022

### Check-in ritual
Feeling good to be back up to speed after holiday and most things are ticking along nicely. Grateful for AS's continued good work :)

### Project specific Reflection
Nothing too urgent coming up so hoping to use July and August for planning/reflection time.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
- Have taken over UKRN Network Lead Role from AM with AC 
    - EK - this is great, I'm interested to hear more about this as it is a good way to spread the word about TTW.
- Helping Roche colleagues prep some slides to talk about the partnership 

#### Who helped you this week?
- DW with enthusiasm for video!
- MS with connecting me with her old Roche colleague

#### What did you achieve?
- Updated partnership webpage and announced RC's start- https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/research-projects/alan-turing-institute-roche-strategic-partnership/chakraborty
- Met with Roche Senior Comms Manager to discuss better promoting partnership through Roche Comms
- Met with DW to discuss Partnership Video
- Set up new coffee bot and greeting message in the T-R Slack Workspace 
  * EK - This is a great thing try and encourage other to join in. 
- Continued drafting fellows docs
- Drafting newsletter to send out on Friday
- Invited some Roche people to attend the collab cafe- hoping to get them involved in TTW
  * EK - All going great! - I reviewed the fellows docs so hope that is helpful! Do get BM to step in if there is an issue with doing this.  

#### What did you struggle with?
- Turing admin round fellows programme

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Promoting July's Knowledge Share event
- Planning for video
- Planning for Expert Panel Meeting

#### Where do you need help?
- Fellows docs review- think you've already started! 
 * EK - yes this is done but let me know if you want to discuss this further. 

#### Any other topics
N/A

## Date 15 June 2022

### Check-in ritual
Good but tired. Successful event! 

### Project specific Reflection
Good to have this week completed- more brain space for next couple of weeks!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* AS with JSC agenda
* Everyone at the Community of Leaders meeting!

#### Who helped you this week?
* KL with slides 

* SM with brainstorming fellows programme. Include an open research element e.g a question on the application form- how have you embedded open science practices in your work. Consider an interview element as people aren't always honest on their application forms! SSI have a whole interview day- do group activities such as speed blogs, event planning. I could do an afternoon with 20 of them- online, breakout rooms have lurkers or give them a task. 
* Might be interesting to look at DSG applications too- questions can you demonstrate your collaborate working skills.
* To discuss with SM!

#### What did you achieve?
* Getting this week done!

#### What did you struggle with?
* Decision making in meetings! Will target core meeting. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Make a start on fellows docs

#### Where do you need help?
* Fellows doc once they get started 

#### Any other topics
* Cancelling catch-ups. Use one on 29th for co-working on videos- EK doing it through powerpoint.

## Date 8 June 2022

### Check-in ritual
Happy to be feeling better! Did not enjoy most of last week haha.

### Project specific Reflection
Feeling fairly on top of stuff, ready for a busy week next week!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* AS with final organisation for the Roche Data Science Leaders meeting.

#### Who helped you this week?
* ALS with TTW talk support!
* AS with being Knowledge Share Zoom backup
 * EK - All amazing! 

#### What did you achieve?
* Ran Knowledge Share!
* Gave TTW talk
* Finalised arrangements for Roche Data Science Leaders meeting, Joint Steering Committee 
* Giving talk on partnership at lab meeting so preparing slides
 * EK - all great! 

#### What did you struggle with?
* Internal meeting attendance...

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Brainstorming in person about fellows programme with SM so looking forward to that
* Onboarding new PDRA
* Making sure Roche Data Science Leaders meeting runs smoothly!
 * EK - I hope the in person meeting all goes well. 

#### Where do you need help?
* None for now- would be good to do some preliminary work on the videos in July (say this every week haha)

#### Any other topics
* None :)

## Date 25 May 2022

### Check-in ritual

Nice to see people in person at MS's yesterday- first time meeting ALS!
  * EK - that's lovely. 

### Project specific Reflection

- Looking forward to the Knowledge Share next week. I know June is going to be busy (data science leaders meeting, Joint Steering Commitee, onboarding new PDRA) so hoping for a bit of downtime and time to plan/reflect in July!
- EK - great job on this!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

- BM and SM with recruiting for new PDRA
- ALS with TTW slides for our talk

#### Who helped you this week?

- EK with Book Dash GitHub support!
- MS with TTW slides

#### What did you achieve?

- Have prepped all the speakers for Monday's Knowledge Share
- Book Dash new chapter!
- TTW talk almost finished

#### What did you struggle with?

- Feel like herding cats a bit for the June Data Science Leaders meeting but we're getting there!c.  

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Planning for Synthetic Data Knowledge Share as is a week earlier than usual as I'm on holiday! But think I've got a potential speaker.
- Am giving the talk at Kings on the TTW
- Finalise handbook

#### Where do you need help?
- Will start a video brainstorming doc that we can all input into :)
- 
#### Any other topics
- Have booked holiday but still has MS as my manager on Cezanne - presume she can approve for now?

* EK - Debiasing paper from turing-rss lab - https://www.nature.com/articles/s41564-021-01029-0 (To be flagged to Robin and Ana when they start)

## Date 17 May 2022

### Check-in ritual

Enjoying Book Dash week! Juggling some project stuff in between :)
  * EK - I enjoyed our co-working in person on weds 🙌

### Project specific Reflection

- Feeling ok, mostly on top of stuff but feels like a busy few weeks ahead.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

- AR and BM- running some ASG workshops and went along to the meeting to talk about my experience with running similar workshops last year
- Continuing to support AS with getting up and running
- Gave SB an overview of my role as she gets started 
  - EK - Thanks for supporting our new starters. Great team work! 🌟

#### Who helped you this week?

- SM, MOG and AS with helping to shape the fellows programme
  - EK - Let's talk more about this as I think this needs careful planning.   

#### What did you achieve?

- Almost finalised onboarding handbook
  - EK - please remind me to read it if I have not done so by our next meeting. 
- Started prepping slides for Turing Way talk with AS in a few weeks
  - EK - You can reuse the slides on Zenodo so don't start from scratch - [here is the zenodo archive of all talks, etc](https://zenodo.org/search?page=1&size=20&q=turing%20way%202022&sort=bestmatch) 
- Started finalising plans for fellows programme and went to kick off
- Sent out monthly newsletter

#### What did you struggle with?
- Need to get speaker information still to update the event for May's knowledge share and get them to attend a prep meeting- think the lesson here is not having 4 speakers every time!
  - EK - can you start to plan more in advance maybe? And start standardising this process so it is easy to send emails from templates, etc.  

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Have enquired about a synthetic data speaker but no response yet so will need to change
  - EK - there are folks at the turing that do this. Ask AB about this as we had someone talk about synthetic data at a TPS coffee last year. 
- Have slides finished for TTW talk with AS on the 31st
- Prepare for May Knowledge Share
- Start pulling together final preparations for Roche data science meeting in June 

#### Where do you need help?
- Onboarding handbook here- would appreciate if you could have a quick scan and check what if anything missing? https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NxkqOWuecy9JQVibN3DYniUCJ_0K7lxI/edit

#### Any other topics
- Need to start planning videos at some point but think this may be an end of June/start of July job!
  - EK - let's brainstorm a list of videos and centralise it somewhere - google drive? or link to google from github. We can also speak to Dee and other comms members about this - how to do it well and efficiently.  

## Date 03 May 2022

### Check-in ritual

Still busy but feeling slightly more on top of things :)

### Project specific Reflection

AS is settling in very well, excited to work with him further. Some big events out the way (Knowledge Share and Expert Panel) and visit to Roche tomorrow!

Some priorities for May/June
- Roche Visit
- Seminar series
- June F2F
- Newsletter, follow up for June seminar
- Funded project onboarding plan is set for June, handbook under review and contract is behind <-- PM and RPM on it

Coworking with EK, AH and MS - placeholder
- GitHub repository
- Expert panel follow up

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

- Onboarded AS to the project- continuing to support

MS: Good work!

#### Who helped you this week?

- KP helped brainstorm June meeting and invited MG
- SM and YZ helped with brainstorming for next few Knowledge Shares, SM has been great with getting involved

MS: All the best with this!

#### What did you achieve?

- Ran Expert Panel meeting
- Uploaded Knowledge Share video and sent out follow up email with feedback survey

MS: Good job getting all of these out! 

#### What did you struggle with?
- Having enough time for everything- still want to engage the Expert Panel but worried it'll slip with everything else

MS: Let's get this sorted in the coworking call.

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Am presenting at Roche tomorrow 
- Health Away Day on Friday
- Am interviewing PDRAs next Tuesday
- Need to have definitely invited May Knowledge Share speakers and want to invite June ones (said this last week!)
- Scoping for fellows programme- finalising meeting 

MS: Have fun! Looking forward to hearing how it goes.

#### Where do you need help?
- (left this in from last week- ongoing) Have a quick skim over the handbook and check what if anything missing? https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NxkqOWuecy9JQVibN3DYniUCJ_0K7lxI/edit
- Chasing DW for video

#### Any other topics
- Where shall I put in the community GitHub repo about editing website/events?
MS: Please start this as an issue

- May speakers- shall I chase BM?
MS: Please ask in the community channel in slack, EK and AL have folks in their network. JH may have useful recommendations as well. Is there a way for them to asynchronously suggest speakers?

All the best Vicky!! 💙


## Date 27 April 2022

### Check-in ritual
Slightly calmer this week! New PM seems great so excited to build that relationship. 

### Project specific Reflection
Feels good to have the knowledge share out the way, got expert panel today and Roche visit next Weds then should have some more time! 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
- Partnership team with making sure all PM bits picked up

#### Who helped you this week?
- MS with Knowledge Share hosting!
- AM has been great with picking up PM stuff and checking in on me

#### What did you achieve?
- Finalised slides for my visit to Roche (has been a lot of back and forth on these!)
- Sent out Expert Panel Agenda
- Ran Knowledge Share!
- Got the onboarding handbook pretty much finished

#### What did you struggle with?
- Discussion around open reporting
- No response from video team...

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Help onboard new PM
- Start inviting people to join June meeting 

#### Where do you need help?
- Have a quick skim over the handbook and check what if anything missing? https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NxkqOWuecy9JQVibN3DYniUCJ_0K7lxI/edit
- Advice on REG

#### Any other topics
- MM sent me across a proposal to get involved in Genomic Data Diversity Initative- probably worth sharing with the other community managers?

## Date 12 April 2022

### Check-in ritual
Feeling ok- a lot on and slightly worried about HM leaving but looking forward to building a new relationship with the new PM! Really enjoyed CCW and the DSxHE events last week :sparkles:

MS: so glad that you were able to join these in person!

### Project specific Reflection
- Feels like a few balls in the air! 
- Balancing scoping for new activities with a few events coming up soon (e.g knowledge share series and expert panel meeting)

MS: It sounds like a lot! Let's prioritise and see what we can do later.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
- EB with AIM planning around community building
- AD with Stakeholder mapping for Health Programme

MS: 🎉

#### Who helped you this week?
- KL with connecting me up with FAIRPlus fellowship organisers for advice 
- MS and AB with initial fellowship scoping

MS: Well done!!

#### What did you achieve?
- Put together the [one pager](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NCaJ7FTn8znONf8_Cx2A7SeCuSzbxIuQ6kaLJ5Tbdac/edit) to scope out the Fellows programme
- Put together the draft Expert Panel Agenda 
- Worked on the roadmap with MOG
- Drafted slides for my visit to Roche 
- Put lots of docs up on GitHub and organised all the documentation on the Google Drive
- 100 people have registered for the Knowledge Share series 🎉

MS: Well done on all these!!

#### What did you struggle with?
- Haven't managed to get round to planning the June meeting or any funded project planning yet... definitely a priorty for May

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Finalising everything for the Knowledge Share Series
- Research Fish reporting

#### Where do you need help?
- Can we schedule funded project planning for May so I have a date to stick to!
- Input on the fellows scoping doc

#### Any other topics
- BookDash- do I need to register (have not had a chance to think about yet 😞)

MS: please send an application, it can be specific but you can join the planning committee.

## Date 29 March 2022

### Check-in ritual
Looking forward to lab lunch!
- MS: Ahh! I will miss it.

### Project specific Reflection

Feeling ok after the f2f, lots of new ideas but still need to do some thinking around the community aspects. Seminar series comms should go out today, all fingers crossed!
- MS: Great work with running and capturing work from the f2f.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
Helped shape discussions at f2f

#### Who helped you this week?
- Whole partnership team with new community ideas!
- Events team to finalise the seminar series
- KL with Open Canvas
MS: Open Canvas is a brilliant tool. So glad to see your work with KL. Love to see that how you are prioritising your tasks (starting with seminar series, PDRA support, expert panel, fellowship plan). Lots of great ideas there! 

#### What did you achieve?
- Gave a 15 min talk on publishing to project manager team
- Set up seminar series Zoom 
MS: Great work!

#### What did you struggle with?
- Still some vagueness on upcoming partnership activities, roadmap should help visualise
- MS: We just have to fix forward. In all these, please find opportunities to advocate for your community to enable research and collaboration. Project management and what was agreed on contracts are important to consider, but this partnership has a CM position so that we can enable chanced interactions and collaborations through community building with different members at the Turing and Roche - NOT just with those who are already involved.

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Same as last week ha.... get the seminar series comms out and finally put some docs on GitHub!
- Also working on roadmap with MOG and HM tomorrow
- MS: Exciting! Looking forward to seeing how you use Theory of Change for roadmap (impact based I assume!).

#### Where do you need help?
- Sketching out fellows programme in the next month or so
- MS: Amazing! Please connect with RA for SSI, AD for her educators program. This is going to be amazing!

#### Any other topics
- Can you delete my holiday!?
-MS: Done!

## Date 22 March 2022

### Check-in ritual
Excited to have AS on board, had a good catchup with her on Friday! Looking forward to AI UK to break up the week a bit :)
- MS: Thank you for meeting AS, and all the notes for AI-UK!!

### Project specific Reflection

- Getting there with the seminar series. 
- Hoping the f2f meeting this week will be productive!
  - MS: All the best with the in person!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
- Helped HM and MOG to finalise the agenda for the f2f meeting
- Helped SM get onboarded to the project for when she starts in May
- Gave my lunch and learn which I hope helped people
  - MS: great work! 

#### Who helped you this week?
- YZ and CH with seminar series 

#### What did you achieve?
- Gave lunch and learn talk
- Invited speakers for seminar series 
  - MS: Well done! on both accounts. I would love to give a shout out for your Lunch and Learn - please share a Zenodo link (DOI)! :tada:

#### What did you struggle with?
- Future of PM in the partnership!
  - MS: I would like to sit down to have a chat about where we can support you and your work going forward. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Get the comms out for the seminar series and set that all up
- Try and put some docs on GitHub!
  - MS: 💪

#### Where do you need help?
- Spreading the word about the seminar series! 
- Thinking about funded project onboarding - need to get on this, have neglected for a while.
  - Happy to look over in April and review/edit as needed. Let's find a common availability. 

#### Any other topics
- Funded project onboarding process: Handbook (HM prepared)
  - MS: This is massive work.

## Date 11 March 2022

### Check-in ritual
Really enjoyed the lab meeting yesterday- good feedback on the talk gave me a bit of a boost! ✨

### Project specific Reflection

Definitely feel busy and like there is more to do partnership activity wise (but in a good way!)

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

Moved all the docs to the new Google Drive so feel like this has helped MOG and HM!

#### Who helped you this week?

Lab with feedback on the talk. YZ has been great with inputting on the Seminar Series doc. 

#### What did you achieve?

* Seminar/knowledge share series planned out- will try and invite speakers next week
* Lunch and Learn Slides
* Sent off final expert panel whiteboarding exercise

#### What did you struggle with?

* Input on activities from the Turing side

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Invite speakers and hopefully set up Zoom link/comms for seminar series
* Put some more docs on GitHub

#### Where do you need help?

* Check Collaborations Workshop Abstract
* Input on face to face meeting agenda 


#### Any other topics



## Date 4 March 2022

### Check-in ritual
Feel like I accomplished a lot this week! Sparkling moments- really excited for HM and AB with their promotions, feel like it will bring a positive steer to both Health and TPS.

### Project specific Reflection
Very close to getting a lot of things done! MOG still sorting out Google Drive but once done I'll move some stuff to GitHub and the rest to there. Whiteboarding for the expert panel this afternoon and seminar series planning gtting there.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
Helped a potential enrichment student with advice about potentially collaborating with the partnership. 

#### Who helped you this week?
EK's talk on Knowledge Shares was incredibly helpful! MS with input at operational meeting about how best to do face to face. 

#### What did you achieve?

* Recorded my talk for AI UK
* Made a start on my Lunch and Learn Slides
* Met with Roche to discuss Seminar Series
* Wrote some thoughts on hybrid workshops for later in the year

#### What did you struggle with?

* Still struggling with how we can get people involved in the partnership in a non 'formal' way
* Need to do some thinking around the agenda for the f2f meeting

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finalise-ish seminar series planning- invite speakers!?
* Expert Panel whiteboarding- finalise
* Finish off lunch and learn slides

#### Where do you need help?

* Planning f2f meeting- looking forward to doing this with you next week
* Advice on seminar series/knowledge share

#### Any other topics

- N/A



## Date: 15 February 2022

### Check-in ritual
Nice to be getting into a bit of a routine with office stuff and excited for lab social plans tonight!

### Project specific Reflection

Finding this week a bit of a challenge so far in terms of coming up with ideas on how to keep unsucessful funding applicants involved in the partnership. On the other hand documentation stuff coming along nicely- feel happy that the comms doc is done and GitHub finally set up!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped LK with hopefully final round of review of TTW peer review chapter

#### Who helped you this week?

* EK with GitHub training on how to set up the repository!
* MS with co-working- so grateful for your input and the progress we made with stakeholder mapping

#### What did you achieve?

* Comms document finalised, feeling really happy with it 
* Stakeholder map started
* GitHub set up
* Attended SM funding panel

#### What did you struggle with?

* Ideas on how to keep the unsucessful SM applicants involved in the partnership- would like your thoughts!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finalise stakeholder mapping
* Sort out expert panel whiteboarding on our side
* Start to plan seminar series

#### Where do you need help?

* As above discussion on unsucessful SM applicants!

#### Any other topics

- N/A

## Date: 08 February 2022

### Check-in ritual
Good week so far- good mix of having tangible things to do and enough time to some broader/blue-sky thinking.

### Project specific Reflection
Expert panel discussion went well, got more of an idea of what we want the panel to provide and have a plan in place to engage them up to the meeting in April. Have sorted February's newsletter and almost there with the Genomics England piece. Looking forward to co-working on the project this week!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

* RM and AD with pulling together their text for the GE piece
* Partnership team with expert panel planning

#### Who helped you this week?

* CM agreed to come talk at code review meeting
* Attended a talk on causal inference which gave some useful background

#### What did you achieve?

* Attended public engagement training 
* Prepped February's newsletter
* Pulled together GE piece
* Sent follow up email to expert panel
* Prepared rejection email for SM funding call

#### What did you struggle with?

* Planning still lacking a bit, waiting for feedback on docs

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Sorting out Google Drive and Github
* Planning for funded project onboarding
* Think about seminar series

#### Where do you need help?

* Stakeholder mapping and Github planning- looking forward to doing this on Thursday :)

#### Any other topics

N/A


## Date: 01 February 2022

### Check-in ritual

A good but busy week! Feel like some of the pieces of the partnership are starting to come together more and was nice to find a link into the Turing Way via the Code Review group, especially after discussions at last week's lab meeting.
- MS: Super delighted to see this coming together.

### Project specific Reflection

Funding call and senior research associate advert closing is a reminder that we the community of the partnership will be growing very soon. Reflecting on what I need to prepare to ensue onboarding is as soon as necessary. Also expert panel meeting went well, am keen to captialise and plan for the next meetings.
- MS: Impact, purpose and connections between expert panels will be helpful in designing your sesssions.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped AM with interviewing 3 candidates for RPM role
* Reviewed peer review chapter in TTW for LK
* Helped answer application queries for SM funding call
  - MS: Great job handling the funding cals. Design can be considered for the next time (the doc that you already have):
    - FAQs that you are responding to will be helpful
    - Application template could be provided 

#### Who helped you this week?

* EK helped me and AR- showed us Github repo and helped show examples of documentation I could utilise
* MOG helped with partnership planning
  - MS: Really helpful that she is thinking and nudging about this.

#### What did you achieve?

* Chaired expert panel meeting 
* Almost finished Github public v private and comms strategy document 
  - MS: Looking forward to reading them. We can try to set a miro board for this. 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Found it difficult to put together documentation from scratch- definitely find it easier to work collaboratively with someone on this.
  - MS: Same! Maybe ask in the cm team channel for help? But glad that it is.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finalise comms and github document
* Make a start on stakeholder mapping
* Chase up RM on GE piece
  - MS: Excited to work on this with you.

#### Where do you need help?

* Lots of the funding applications have mentioned Github for sharing their code/data. HM mentioned I'll need to set this up so will likely need support here.
* Any feedback on comms/github docs

#### Any other topics



## Date: 18 January 2022

### Check-in ritual
Feeling good to be on the same page as MOG and HM this week- definite push for us to start putting together roadmap type docs with the scientific leads of the partnership so we can plan for the year. 
- That would be really helpful in getting some timeline added to leads' calendar. All the best!

### Project specific Reflection

Started off feeling on top of things this week and now slightly less! Putting together the expert panel agenda has made it clear that we're not quite aligned as a group with what we want out of the panel so need to work through this.
- Have experts been consulted for their interest in what they want to bring to the panel? 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

Helped the research leads with a letter to the editor they want to submit for a potential journal submission, helped HM with some funding call queries.
- 🙌

#### Who helped you this week?

* AR helped me with what I needed to do for goatherding. 
 * You did a pretty solid goadtherding. I need to keep up with that next week :D 
* HM helped me think about what other documents I need to put together for the partnership such as a comms plan.
 * Comm strategy doc will definitely be useful especially to align what is announced by you and what needs to be aligned with the Turing comms team. I would love to see how this develops and if I can help with that. I suggest adding some internal engagement aspect in there too.

#### What did you achieve?

* Have put together a presentation on slack for community management for this week's lab meeting
 * Amazing! Do upload them on Zenodo if you feel that could be generally useful. You can cite that in a chapter that you are planning to write for the TTW. 
* Have started the expert panel agenda- needs sending out asap 
* Team charter should be finalised-ish by Friday
 * This is amazing! Looking forward to reading that. 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Expert panel agenda- need consensus by the end of the week!]
 *  Keeping my fingers crossed. Looks like this is a lot of back and forth planning.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Expert panel meeting is on Monday. Once thats out the way, hoping to have time to start other documents- potentially a comms plan, stakeholder mapping.
* Also need to think about how to keep workshop community engaged, have dropped off a bit
 * Happy to cowork on some of these with you and see where we can align you work with TPS.

#### Where do you need help?

* Have a meeting with EK next week on community Githubs and will also pick her brain on comms stuff as suggested by HM
* Perhaps some advice on how to keep workshop community engaged- am struggling for ideas at the moment
 * Let's chat about it in our 1:1 

#### Any other topics

- Need to move next week's catchup! Will slack you
 - Moved to Monday.  


## Date: 11 January 2022

### Check-in ritual
Nice to be back! Feeling more settled and like I know a bit more what I'm doing now. 
- MS: Loving the new energy!

### Project specific reflection
All going well so far this year. Happy to have got the newsletter out this morning. Got a funding call Q&A session on Weds which will be a good opportunity to engage with the community and then should have some breathing space to finalise team charter etc with MG and HM before funding call closes and expert panel meeting at end of Jan.
- MS: Lots of applications are in the draft version. So amazing!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

Helped expert panel with their COI forms and getting them added to the Turing site so they're represented on the Turing-Roche webpage.
- MS: It's been a quiet week! The expert panel seems like a proactive and interesting bunch of people.

#### Who helped you this week?

Comms/CRM team were very helpful and responsive in helping get the newsletter sign up form set up and working for Roche colleagues (a bit of troubleshooting needed). HM helping with small project queries as always.
- MS: Good job!

#### What did you achieve?

* Sent out a newsletter!
  * MS: super exciting to see the newsletter out!
* Made start on Genomics England doc
  * MS:  Notes below!
* Team charter doc basic draft in place
  * MS: Good job! Considering switching to GitHub is a good idea. Also really appreciate that you are already thinking about the expert panel's input on the roadmap.

#### What did you struggle with?

* Was lots of fiddly bits to make the newsletter work but now the template in place will be much easier next month.
  * MS: I have never used this before. Great work getting this sorted. I have signed up - maybe sign up for anyone from the leadership team. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* First time lab goatherding
  * MS: Amazing! Looking forward to hearing your take on Slack on CM.
* Getting team charter to a more finished state
  * MS: Really great to see you, HM and MOG are working so well. Looking forward to seeing these documents online.
* Start planning expert panel meeting
  * MS: Consider thinking about the event series with the members. 

#### Where do you need help?

* How to approach RM and AD to write genomics England piece 
  - MS: structure, timeline, allocate people to a topic, curate good examples from the portal

#### Any other topics

* Open life sci application ready to go- shall I submit or do you need to look at it?
  * MS: please go ahead and submit it, happy to review it directly there. 


