# Weekly Meetings 2023

* [13 December 2023](#date-13-december-2023)
* [29 November 2023](#date-29-november-2023)
* [22 November 2023](#date-22-november-2023)
* [08 November 2023](#date-08-november-2023)
* [18 October 2023](#date-18-october-2023)
* [04 October 2023](#date-04-october-2023)
* [27 September 2023](#date-27-september-2023)
* [06 September 2023](#date-06-september-2023)
* [16 August 2023](#date-16-august-2023)
* [09 August 2023](#date-09-august-2023)
* [19 July 2023](#date-19-july-2023)
* [05 July 2023](#date-05-july-2023)
* [28 June 2023](#date-28-june-2023)
* [17 May 2023](#date-17-may-2023)
* [03 May 2023](#date-03-may-2023)
* [26 April 2023](#date-26-april-2023)
* [18 April 2023](#date-18-april-2023)
* [15 March 2023](#date-15-march-2023)
* [08 March 2023](#date-08-march-2023)
* [22 February 2023](#date-22-february-2023)
* [15 February 2023](#date-15-february-2023)
* [1 February 2023](#date-1-february-2023)
* [25 January 2023](#date-25-january-2023)
* [18 January 2023](#date-18-january-2023)
* [11 January 2023](#date-11-january-2023)

-----
## 


## Date 13 December 2023

### Check-in ritual
Ready for the end of the year ðŸ˜†

### Project specific Reflection
Am trying to get everything in a good shape before the end of the year- everyone seemed happy with our years progress in our operational meeting yesterday.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* MA with covering bits whilst she is on leave
* Briefly reviewed some health community strategy bits/miro board
  
#### Who helped you this week?
* MS with reviewing objectives
* Met with YZ from Roche at the office which was nice

#### What did you achieve?
* Ran scholar cohort call- went well
* Had a meeting with a scholar to plan Jan event
* Have booked in All Hands' Meetings for March and June which feels like an achievement with the booked up Turing rooms haha
* Sent out December newsletter
* Me and SM put a plan in place for actions we need to do with the scholars in January which makes me feel calmer!
* Made a new org chart for Roche
* Sorting AI UK bits- Roche tickets and started booth registration

#### What did you struggle with?
* Navigating some scholar bits but have discussed with SM as mentioned above

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Finishing AI UK booth registration and getting a planning document together
  * EK - ping me if you need any help with anything as I can share my knowledge/docs from AIUK 2023 
* Setting up Jan Knowledge Share event page

#### Where do you need help?
* Ok to submit objectives or leave till Jan?
  * EK - I will speake to MS about this - maybe she will send all to KW at the same time. 

#### Any other topics
* Can we cancel the catchup on the 3rd Jan unless needed? Yes!


## Date 29 November 2023

### Check-in ritual
All ok, looking forward to some annual leave this week!

### Project specific Reflection
JSC and All Hands Meetings coming up so expect some more strategic thinking on the partnership going into the new year.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* SB with stuff for running of her scholar event
* BM with helping find PhD and internship opportunities for a student he knows

#### Who helped you this week?
* AM with thinking about what to do with scholars for AI UK

#### What did you achieve?
* Chasing up final all hands bits and handing over to MB 
* November Knowledge Share follow up
* PraxisAuril Award!!
* First scholar event went really well
* TEA workshop

#### What did you struggle with?
* Feeling quite exhausted- ready for the end of the year!

#### What would you like to work on next week?
(Will be on annual leave for most of it)
* Drafting December newsletter
* Prepping for scholar cohort call
* Meeting with YZ from Roche

#### Where do you need help?
* Have edited objectives, think ready to go but does KW need to review?

#### Any other topics
N/A

## Date 22 November 2023

### Check-in ritual
All ok- things have been less hectic which as been nice! 

### Project specific Reflection
Have been working with the scholars and doing the usual regular bits- knowledge share, newsletter etc. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* SB with final bits for her scholar event on Monday 

#### Who helped you this week?
* CB with hosting coffee chat on Nature Medicine paper
* LJ agreed to be a last minute speaker for the Nov Knowledge Share
* AC and SM with promoting scholar annoucment and event on the Roche side

#### What did you achieve?
* Gave a talk on the partnership at the induction event
* Ran November Knowledge Share
* Me and AC met with UKRN to reflect on Turing involvement- also handed over role to NP
* Prepping for All Hands meeting- trialling different format. Am trying to get everything sorted so is smooth to hand over to MA
* Found a speaker for Dec Scholar Cohort Call 

#### What did you struggle with?
* Reflecting on scholars and whether I need to create a bit more of a community feel- hard with everyone virtual

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Scholar event
* Chase up all hands and hand over to MA
* TEA health workshop
* Then am on leave 30th Nov-4th Dec

#### Where do you need help?
* Do I need to check in with NF or all good for Clinical AI follow up?
* Objectives 

#### Any other topics
N/A

## Date 08 November 2023

### Check-in ritual
Feeling ok- fairly settled now and enjoying the free time post event.

### Project specific Reflection
Focus for November will be the Community Scholars which I'm looking forward too.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Welcomed new postdoc AM

#### Who helped you this week?
* EK with Clinical AI event
* SM- helped with writing on of our section for predictive modelling paper

#### What did you achieve?
* Clinical AI event!
* Ran October Knowledge Share
* Submitted AI UK demo application
* Prepared November newsletter
* Scholar activities- helped SB make translational science event and find speakers, helped KP with honing her video, helped JB with TTW advice, helping EV with community building

#### What did you struggle with?
* Haven't heard back from comms- need to touch base with KP about this, realise its probably part of broader health strategy too
  * EK - I've met with the comms lead with KP and SF - I will draft an overall comms strategy for health and then we can spin out a Roche plan/strat from that. I'll share first draft with you so you can input into it. 
* November Knowledge share speaker- might just run it with Roche speaker.

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Further check-ins with the scholars
* Handing over UKRN role
* Prepare slides for induction event
* Preparing December cohort call for scholars

#### Where do you need help?
* Next steps for Clinical AI paper- would be ideal if NF could take the lead! ðŸ‘¼
  * EK - I'll chat to clinical Ai folks about whether they can lead on this as I am meeting with them on friday.   
* Check what is happening with All Hands Meeting on the 4th December- are you available if everything falls through?
  * EK - I am available but I also suggest KP could chair.  
  
## Date 18 October 2023

### Check-in ritual
Struggling with workload and personal bits at the mo but think November will be calmer so just need to get through the next couple of weeks

### Project specific Reflection
Think once Clinical AI workshop is over will have more time to plan a bit more- want to think about the comms strategy and do some work with the scholars in November.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Overall team with prepping stuff for strategy meeting

#### Who helped you this week?
* CH has been good for reviewing bits like the demo application
* BS with getting me website stats
* Been good to discuss with CB and RC plans for getting me more of a perspective on the science

#### What did you achieve?
* Clinical AI prep
* Ran first scholars cohort call- timing worked out which I was pleased about
* Strategy meeting went well and stats I prepared were well recieved 
* Sent out October newsletter
* Finalised AI UK Demo application
* Tweaked publications section on partnership website
* Helped scholar with video prep
* Did some reporting for partnership

#### What did you struggle with?
* Need to work out whats happening with new postdoc next week
* Not heard back from Roche Knowledge Share speaker again

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Finalising Clinical AI workshop
* Working on my section of the predictive modelling paper
* Welcoming new postdoc

#### Where do you need help?
* Would be useful to have you at the comms meeting when its set up
* Do you know anyone working on casual inference in Health
* Advice on AI UK tickets for scholars 
* Clinical AI as discussed already!

#### Any other topics
N/A

## Date 04 October 2023

### Check-in ritual
A lot going on at the moment so just balancing work with this. 

### Project specific Reflection
Good amount ticking over at the moment and planning for future activities- upcoming strategy meeting and AI UK booth

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* NF with Clinical AI workshop queries

#### Who helped you this week?
* SM has been great as always for scholar stuff and planning next knowledge shares

#### What did you achieve?
* Knowledge Share follow up and recruiting speakers for October
* Prepped for scholar cohort call and did more scholar comms
* Went to GEL TTW workshop yesterday

#### What did you struggle with?
* Bit worried about Clinical AI agenda coming together next week but embracing the chaos!
* One of the scholars has been a bit flakey but hoping will be sorted by the end of the week
* Knowledge share speakers a bit slow to respond again!

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Prepping impact stats for strategy meeting section- will try and plot out who we're interacting with- then strategy meeting on the 12th
* Meeting with REG to discuss involvement in partnership
* First scholars cohort call- will check in with them individually afterwards too
* AI UK booth application form
* Prepping newsletter
* Clinical AI workshop planning

#### Where do you need help?
* Advise around involving REG
* Impact for partnership publications- still struggling a bit with comms strategy
* When is the Turing health webpage updating?

#### Any other topics
N/A


## Date 27 September 2023

### Check-in ritual
Doing ok- feel like holiday went quick! Mainly been catching up.

### Project specific Reflection
Lots of activities on at the moment- feels like the partnership research is really ramping up so want to make sure I'm also doing some future planning alongside current bits.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Helped KP with submitting an application for an award for the partnership
* Onboarded OR into the partnership 

#### Who helped you this week?
* EK with Clinical AI scholar!
* CB has been great at meeting with other scholars amongst his busy schedule
* AD gave me some useful feedback on the all hands meeting

#### What did you achieve?
* Ran scholar onboarding calls with SM and ensuring they are all settled and set up on systems. Also done some comms to announce them
* Interviews for the TTW practioners hub and reading draft of case study
* Organising Clinical AI workshop- questionnaire now gone out
* Connected with a Roche ECR network- discussion on how to promote scholar activities to them
* Sent newsletter out
* Did September Knowledge Share event and organising October's and November's
* Ran September's all hands meeting
  
#### What did you struggle with?
* Have been so busy that I haven't connected much with the scholars since I onboarded them- going to try and find some time to touch base this week

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Organising first cohort call for scholars
* Potentially plan an application for AI UK booth for partnership
* KP is organising a partnership strategy day and I have been put down to run a session so need to think about this
* Knowledge Share follow up

#### Where do you need help?
* Struggled to make objectives specific!
* Any other organising for Clinical AI workshop
  
#### Any other topics
N/A


## Date 06 September 2023

### Check-in ritual
All good- happy to have some sun back!
- EK - ðŸŒž

### Project specific Reflection
Feels like quite a few balls up in the air at the moment partnership wise but juggling ok!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Onboarded AB and IT to the partnership

#### Who helped you this week?
* BGT with recruiting patients for the Clinical AI workshop

#### What did you achieve?
* Started organising All Hands Lab Meeting for 22nd September
* Sent newsletter
* Started prepping webpage for scholars annoucement- hoping individual calls can be scheduled by the end of the week
* Finished UKRN blog- should be published soon
* Connected with some Roche ECR networks- presenting about the scholar scheme at one later in September
* EK - this all sounds great - well done. 

#### What did you struggle with?
* Bit nervous about MA being off but feel confident AM will cover well
* EK - let me know if I can help in anyway while AM is off. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* OR is getting more involved in the partnership so will be onboarding him on thursday with AM
* Scholars onboarding calls will be taking up the majority of time
* Clinical AI workshop planning call on Friday- hoping we can get most of it sorted- anything else you think we need to do with it? 

#### Where do you need help?
* For Clinical AI Community Scholar do you want to come along to the individual onboarding call?
*  EK - 15th is the best day for me to attend.  
* Knowledge share- advise on chasing the speaker!

#### Any other topics
N/A

## Date 16 August 2023

### Check-in ritual
All good, feel like August is going quick though!

### Project specific Reflection
I say this every week but almost there on the final onboarding scholar bits ðŸ˜… And just trying to make sure I can prep as much as possible before September. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Met SF and filled her in on health and community management

#### Who helped you this week?
* WM and KG (legal and data protection) with advice for scholar scheme

#### What did you achieve?
* Sent out emails to all scholar applicants
* Wrote a draft of the UKRN blog with Alden and discussed handing over our LNL roles
* Two Genomic England interviews for TTW Practioners Hub
* Caught up with MA and AM to start to plan cover when MA is off
  
#### What did you struggle with?
* Clinical AI workshop- hoping we sort tomorrow! 

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Finalising scholars docs!!
* Get up event page for September Knowledge Share

#### Where do you need help?
* GitHub repository permissions

#### Any other topics
N/A

## Date 09 August 2023

### Check-in ritual
All good at the moment, just missing the sun ðŸ˜†

### Project specific Reflection
Scholars has really taken over, has been a busy few weeks with the call closing. Trying to finalise most of the planning over the next few weeks to ensure we're organised. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* TZ with advice round a community manager (with you!)
* NJ with background on TR partnership

#### Who helped you this week?
* SM has been great at supporting the scholar scheme from the Roche side- wasn't sure how much that side would be involved but she will take a leading part which is great. RC also great in panel meeting with advice. 

#### What did you achieve?
* Have added more to the Turing-Roche GitHub after Malvika's suggestions
* Attended the UKRN retreat
* Attended Practioner Hub launch workshop
* Attended RCM team day
* Invited attendees to CB's fairness in digital health workshop
* Panel Meetings for scholar scheme and still working on onboarding docs
* Orchestrating invites for Clinical AI workshop
* REG project involvement we will re-visit in September which I think is sensible

#### What did you struggle with?
* Still some uncertanity round project management
* Struggling to recruit a speaker for September and October's Knowledge Shares- wanted to be sorted by now but will probs need to add to the to do list for September
* Clinical AI workshop....

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* More Practioner Hub interviews
* UKRN blog post with Alden
* Finalising scholar onboarding docs

#### Where do you need help?
* Any advise on how to scope the projects with the scholars- shared document but want to put on GitHub? Get them to tidy and do afterwards.
* Do I need to change any of my GitHub settings for the scholars to make pull requests? Basically want them to make a pull request every time so I can see

#### Any other topics
* Can't remember your annual leave 21 Aug to 4 Sept. 
* Jury Duty in January! starts 8th Jan - two weeks min. 

## Date 19 July 2023

### Check-in ritual
Been good to have some breathing room this week for focus time.

### Project specific Reflection
Trying to get organised before the scholar scheme closes in a couple of weeks.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Queries around scholar scheme
* AB going to be doing 2 demystifying videos for the partnership

#### Who helped you this week?
* AL with great quarto training session

#### What did you achieve?
* Ran info session for scholar scheme and updated FAQ doc
* Finished community management briefing paper
* Met with MY and team- deciding how we might be able to work with REG
* Refreshed partnership publication policy and sent round a reminder to team
* Have drafted an onboarding document and draft rejection and welcome emails for the scholar scheme
* Sent newsletter
* CM goatherder this week

#### What did you struggle with?
* MA being off- just worried about PM stuff going to be a last minute rush
* Clinical AI workshop- not much engagement from team for adding names

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Updating a few bits on th TR repository- MS has opened some issues with some helpful additions
* Am catching up with CB about TEA-DH and how partnership might engage 
* Chatting with TZ about community management with you!
* Scheduling the panel meeting for the scholar scheme and working out assessment process
* Want to try and get events up for September and October Knowledge Shares so I don't have to worry about it later

#### Where do you need help?
* Would love your comments on the community scholar onboarding doc [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BysOEDX2qy7ZYvUWHb2MKXQl3d6Hvv07/edit#heading=h.1pk560se0l3i). 
If you need any extra context- email doc [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UXUHMpId_LftVEh9Rf3-UKnNzplGpruY70JiLWH-weI/edit) and my brain dump of how to run it [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1c8ZaauI-v8-zWPFRxOvfT3itOchzOPIXs9dcyK3G-Ss/edit)
- EK - yes will look over these for you. 
#### Any other topics
- chatted about working with PMs and also clinical ai workshop. 

## Date 05 July 2023

### Check-in ritual
Just about recovered from my cold last week!

### Project specific Reflection
Think things will pick up again soon as CH and SM get back from holiday. Still focusing on community scholars but know other stuff will come back onto the radar e.g clinical AI meeting

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Agreed with MS to be part of TTW practioners hub- slightly way of time commitment but will see how we go
 * resources for case studies
 * https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16Ay3xqEcy-yYvh5LHerFKclzvmD1pY5mkNr46dJjhK4/edit#slide=id.g22dbbd969e6_0_34
 * https://hackmd.io/O1RwUTnmQLGPZmFWbD37ww?view

#### Who helped you this week?
* Me and EZ did in-person shadowing yesterday- she gave some good feedback on my Q&A webinar slides
* Skills team helped promote scholar scheme a bit further

#### What did you achieve?
* Been answering quite a few queries around the scholar scheme
* EIA all signed off for the scheme

#### What did you struggle with?
* Being ill- but luckily had quite a quiet week 

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Delivering Q&A scholar webinar this afternoon
* Start drafting onboarding doc for scheme
* July newsletter
* Sort out knowledge share for september
 * EK - good luck with the scholar q and a - hope it all goes well.  

#### Where do you need help?
* Would like your eyes on the scholar onboarding document once drafted
 * EK - yes of course :rocket: 

#### Any other topics
* Me and AC all booked for UKRN retreat so should be good!


## Date 28 June 2023

### Check-in ritual
All good apart from the cold!

### Project specific Reflection
* Really relieved that the scholar scheme is up! Has given me a lot more breathing room to catch up on other bits.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* CB with prepping for the knowledge share- been good to jointly discuss how to make it a bit more interactive
* MB and CH with their slides for the scholar Q&A session

#### Who helped you this week?
* AB with volunteering to do a demystifying video
* ZS wants to get involved in more stuff community wise which is great- planning a TTW missing data chapter
* JS from flexigrant and comms been really helpful for the scholar scheme

#### What did you achieve?
* Launched the scheme!!
* Knowledge Share event- grateful for a bit of a break in July and August
* Did EIA for scheme
* Ran all hands lab meeting on Tuesday

#### What did you struggle with?
* Still think there may be some teething problems with data protection etc but will see how we go when it starts

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Q&A webinar
* Start planning the scheme in practice
* Shadowing with EZ

#### Where do you need help?
* UKRN survey- all fine to just start distributing?
 * Email comms first about Mathison blog and then into slack. 
* Clinical AI- for the invite maybe want to put some health programme context?
* Need to think about REG support for software

#### Any other topics
N/A


## Date 17 May 2023

### Check-in ritual
Feeling ok, was nice to see everyone at Turing-Roche meeting yesterday and had a drink and a catchup with SM :)

### Project specific Reflection
Two all day meetings and book dash next week and holiday the week after means I am quite busy! But feeling fairly productive

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* MA with logisitics bits 

#### Who helped you this week?
* SL with some background around deploying AI in the NHS
* NS with being very flexible with moving out of Engima

#### What did you achieve?
* Prepared newsletter
* TR All Day Strategy Meeting
* All day CM meeting
* Prepping Knowledge Share Event
* Will be meeting with FO on Thursday to discuss AI standards hub link into the workshop 

#### What did you struggle with?
* Lot of talk at the strategy about comms strategy and events- need to think about how best to manage this with Turing teams etc
 * EK - we will be writing a health RCM comms strategy so we can include Turing-roche as a key part of this. Let's plan to work on this together.  
* Knowledge Share speaker not recruited for June yet, hoping to sort this week

* #### What would you like to work on next week?
* Book Dash Chapter
* Hosting knowledge share
* Setting up a further Clinical AI meeting for more planning
* Starting to organise next All Hands Lab Meeting 

#### Where do you need help?
* Book Dash next week 
* Briefing paper?

#### Any other topics
N/A

## Date 03 May 2023

### Check-in ritual
Things have definitely got a bit calmer this week which is nice- will just be ensuring I'm on top of everything as quite a lot of leave coming up.

### Project specific Reflection
Now handing over to MB as RPM, definitely feeling a bit of an in between stage but know she will get up to speed quick!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Met with FS and HW for follow up after knowledge share
* Looked into wikipedia for the team's structured missingness chapter
* Meeting with MB on Friday to run through bits

#### Who helped you this week?
* EK with TTW chapter review!
* MS with catchup and thinking about community strategy

#### What did you achieve?
* Gave talk about the partnership at the Crick
* Knowledge Share follow up and promotion for next months
* Facilited at AIM RSF conference
* Clinical AI/Turing Roche chat
* Did references and chapter links in TTW chapter

#### What did you struggle with?
* Finding out about new RPM at the same time as Roche bit chaotic... but I think good news overall
* Changing the ambassador name.... legal docs need to be re-done

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Will be on leave for most of the week. When I'm back will be at Community Manager day and preparing the newsletter 

#### Where do you need help?
* Check Clinical AI doc ok to go over to everyone

#### Any other topics
* Need next week's meeting cancelling as well as 31st May and 7th June if we want to be super organised ha

## Date 26 April 2023

### Check-in ritual
Feeling very busy at the moment and think it will continue till June! But good for making the week go quick ðŸ˜…

### Project specific Reflection
MB has done a good job of keeping everything going- have got strategy meeting coming up in a few weeks so will be a busy period. AM will be taking over.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Ran MB and KP through ambassador bits
* AIM-RSF, discussed how to faciliate my 2 sessions with the organisers

#### Who helped you this week?
* MB with general partnership support

#### What did you achieve?
* Community Manager talk at Turing Catchup
* UKHSA Turing Way talk
 * EK - thanks for doing this talk with me - they were very happy with it.  
* Knowledge Share Event
* Have got team input on the Turing Way chapter so ready for further review from you and then ready for book dash!
* Did the (hopefully) final review of ambassador docs
 * Month deadline is fine and then can always extend for another two.  
* Prepared slides for Crick talk on Friday 

#### What did you struggle with?
* Lot of co-working in the diary, finding it hard to balance at the mo
* Still push back on OA with partnership papers
  * EK - Please escalate this to KP so that she can speak about the partnership agreement in this area.   

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Crick talk on Friday
* AIM-RSF facilitation
* Work out SM section for wikipedia for team
* Knowledge Share follow up and prepping May's

#### Where do you need help?
* Review of TTW chapter
* EK - please send to me so I can review. 
* Work on briefing paper or leave till the CM team day?
* EK - I think you have enough prepared and I'll get clarity from MS on what the day will be focused on. 

#### Any other topics
* Me and AC signed up for the UKRN summer retreat- will keep you posted. Presume travel costs would be fine
* EK - please check with AB.
* SM preprint finally up! https://arxiv.org/abs/2304.01429
 * EK - Great :tada: 


## Date 18 April 2023

### Check-in ritual
Really enjoyed AI UK and Easter break was nice!

### Project specific Reflection
AS has done a really good handover so hoping the transition is smooth-ish! Ambassador scheme has now gone to Roche (finally!) for sign off so probably need to start reviewing docs and familarising myself again after the break.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Helped with advice in Slack User Group meeting
* Helped RC think about code checking for future
* Helping MB get up to speed with Roche

#### Who helped you this week?
* AY- caught up on new university network model which is useful for event promotion
* AS with finishing everything up
* MS with thinking about community strategy
* SM with some suggestions for the TTW chapter

#### What did you achieve?
* AI UK!!
* Onboarded new Enrichment Student
* Put together more tracking docs- tracking who has engaged with the partnership and when
* Wrote 6-month partnership report for internal reporting
* Have drafted TTW Academic-Industry collaboration chapter
* March Knowledge Share Event went well, planning for April's and May's
* April newsletter 

#### What did you struggle with?
* Started CM briefing paper but will definitely need help developing this

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* April Knowledge Share promotion
* Community Management talk at Turing Catchup
* Also giving a talk about the partnership at the Crick next week- need to prepare slide
* Enrichment and Ambassador Scheme need reviewing again- meeting with KP and MB this week to sort

#### Where do you need help?
* Maybe we could co-work on CM briefing paper when you're back. Will also like your eyes on the TTW chapter when you have a bit of time

#### Any other topics
* The UKHSA talk has a mini clash with my Knowledge Share- will have to leave early



## Date 15 March 2023

### Check-in ritual
Finally a bit of a quieter week which is nice to reset!

### Project specific Reflection
Usual regular bits going on for me, think AS is dealing with a lot behind the scenes with KP and project agreements so expect some more bits coming my way in the next few weeks.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* AG with feedback on Gender Pay Gap Strategy
* MB with where data is stored for the partnership... expect this to come back to me as well!

#### Who helped you this week?
* Feedback from All Hands Lab meeting attendees
* EK with AI UK tickets for T-R postdocs- they are very grateful!

#### What did you achieve?
* Follow up from All Hands Lab meeting
* Attended all day UKRN annual meeting
* Sent newsletter out
* TTW Slides
* Got started on TTW academic-industry collaboration chapter writing
* Comms for March Knowledge Share 

#### What did you struggle with?
* Still no response from Roche side for April Knowledge Share

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* AI UK!
* More chapter writing

#### Where do you need help?
* Still no response on UKRN from KW or MS- poke?
* EK - I've sent a message to KW about this and forwarded the email again. 

#### Any other topics
* Was nice to watch a AIM-RSF Turing-Roche Crossover seminar yesterday!

* EK - let's use one of these session every 2 weeks to co working together - can you think of things that we could work on together please. 

## Date 08 March 2023

### Check-in ritual
Good but tired! In the office quite a lot this week so has been good to see a few faces- sad to have missed AM's leaving do last week

### Project specific Reflection
All hands lab meeting went really well in the end- glad we have the next one booked in the diary to keep the momentum going. Now just picking up normal bits like the newsletter, knowledge share etc.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Team with coordinating all hands meeting

#### Who helped you this week?
* MB was a trooper with stepping in to help at the all hands meeting!
* OS with room set up

#### What did you achieve?
* Ran all hands lab meeting 
* Onboarded our two new Enrichment Students
* Ran Knowledge Share event and confirmed speakers for March's
* Catch-up with Roche Comms
* Spoke to MS about TTW entry on Academic-Industry partnerships 

#### What did you struggle with?
* Knowledge Share speakers not being the most reponsive again, trying to sort April's now to give me some breathing room
* Team won't budge on journals re: open access
* All hands ended up being a bit last minute (BM and RC had to join online) but all ok in the end
* General ambassadors stuff

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Hope to be able to get event page up for March Knowledge Share and speakers invited for April's
* Prep and send out newsletter
* Follow up from all hands

#### Where do you need help?
* Think we're sorted for AI UK? Have a bit less capacity for it this week- XB reminded me about health tickets 
 * EK - I think we are sorted and thanks so much for all your help with this.  

#### Any other topics
* UKRN survey- think would be good to get involved in? (Have sent you email for context)
 * EK - love this - please do send an email to KW and MS about this and how we can make this happen. 
 * EK - please can you write a short piece for the new health linkedin page about the structured missingness talk at AIUK. 

## Date 22 February 2023

### Check-in ritual
All good :) Enjoyed the health summit to break up the week!

### Project specific Reflection
Things ticking along nicely- excited for the knowledge share next week

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Had a coffee chat with BA to run her through how I do the Knowledge Share events

#### Who helped you this week?
* CH and BM with aims and agenda shaping for all hands meeting

#### What did you achieve?
* Ran prep meeting for Knowledge Share
* Worked on TTW AIUK slides- do you need any more help with this as have some time. Briefly spoke to SB about her doing a zero to GitHub demo
* Finalised attendance for all hands meeting
* Recruited Roche speaker for March KS event
* Started a draft for TTW partnership chapter

#### What did you struggle with?
* Recruitment delays meaning newsletter and predictive modelling comms are delayed, hoping it will get sorted this week
* Need to chase up the funded projects to finalise all hands agenda

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Knowledge Share event and follow up 
* Do all the prep for all hands meeting as AS not here on the day so need to make sure I'm prepped 
* May be onboarding new enrichment student for the partnership 

#### Where do you need help?
* Any explainable AI health speaker suggestions?
 *  contact David Leslie.

#### Any other topics
N/A

## Date 15 February 2023 

### Check-in ritual
Had a nice day in the office yesterday, got to see EZ and HM!

### Project specific Reflection
Mainly trucking along, hoping to have some focus time for the agenda for the all hands lab meeting in March

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* DC- got partnership members to agree to do AIM RSF Seminar- will be a nice crossover!
* AA- chatted to her about ambassador scheme and things she needs to consider for practitioner hub 

#### Who helped you this week?
* AY for Knowledge Share comms

#### What did you achieve?
* Connected RC with another Enrichment Student
* Got Turing Comms out about SM paper- some good engagement on LinkedIn
* Got event page up for Feb Knowledge Share
* Prepped newsletter
* Prepped comms for annoucement of predictive modelling funded project
  * EK - disappointing about the one project. 
* Drafted a one pager on content for the partnership for the Turing Way
 * EK - speak to MS about content and where in TTW this should go. 

#### What did you struggle with?
* Not feeling very creative for the all hands lab meeting agenda!
* Ambassador scheme still dragging on..
* Roche not being the most response for Knowledge Share speakers

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Start drafting partnership content for TTW
* Have all hands lab meeting agenda close to being finalised 

#### Where do you need help?
* All hands lab meeting agenda
* Thoughts on partnership content going in the TTW

#### Any other topics
N/A 

## Date 1 February 2023

### Check-in ritual
Feeling a bit more energised this week, probably because January has finally ended!

### Project specific Reflection
Been a good week with the first publication out- seems like the buzz around it should create some more opportunities for community activities 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week
* Core team with paper promoting

#### Who helped you this week?
* DC- getting us a talk at one of the AIM-RSF seminars
* SM with pushing Roche comms

#### What did you achieve?
* Sent round follow up for Knowledge Share
* Coordinated comms for paper- working with Turing marketing team and Roche at the mo, but annoucement and co-author tweets seem to be getting some traction
* Checked in with postdoc and enrichment student
* Have put some TTW AI-UK slides together, going to check in with AC at collab cafe
* Neurodiversity training
* Met with new Roche colleague who is going to be helping with Knowledge Share going forward- good to have another contact

#### What did you struggle with?
* Open access paper drama...

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Need to get Feb Knowledge Share event page made but just waiting on speakers for info
* Finalise ambassador scheme(!)
* Get a decision on potential missing data symposium so can put a preliminary plan together

#### Where do you need help?
* Can we work on ambassador docs asap?

#### Any other topics
* Interested in how involved you are with the RSS lab/DECOVID papers- BM mentioned to me that I could get involved next time


## Date 25 January 2023

### Check-in ritual
A bit tired this week but doing ok!

### Project specific Reflection
Knowledge Share went well but still struggling with ambassador bits

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Had a productive meeting with Roche corporate comms

#### Who helped you this week?
* JF with getting comms paper announcement and website bits sorted

#### What did you achieve?
* Ran Knowledge Share on Monday and doing follow up bits from it
* Secured speakers for Feb Knowledge Share 
* Ran a coffee chat on friday

#### What did you struggle with?
* Multiple meetings with legal and data protection about the ambassador scheme... but we're getting there (said many times but I believe it this time!)
* Ran website idea past partnership team- parked for now so just need to think about how to do future comms bits more efficiently

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Create event page for Feb Knowledge Share
* Sign off any ambassador bits
* Plan a new video for YouTube channel

#### Where do you need help?
* Maybe pushing MB on Ambassador funding
  * EK - I can have a chat with MB about this. 

#### Any other topics
* Environmental data science book - https://the-environmental-ds-book.netlify.app/welcome.html


## Date 18 January 2023

### Check-in ritual
All good! Was nice to see so many people in the office last week for the lab meeting :)

### Project specific Reflection
Fairly calm week so far, just prepping for Knowledge Share next week and planning more video content. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Onboarded ER into the partnership 
* JD- helping her out with testing a user interview framework about Github data and consent

#### Who helped you this week?
* Helped BM with Knowledge Share slides

#### What did you achieve?
* Onboarded Enrichment Student- ER
* Promoted Jan Knowledge Share 
* Invited speakers for February Knowledge Share 
* Put together a doc about moving the TR Slack to the Enterprise Grid for the Slack User Group
* Sent out newsletter
* Followed up with community member about demystifying video

#### What did you struggle with?
* Still waiting for paper comms to be confirmed (must be soon!) but discussing with Roche so should be aligned

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Running Knowledge Share event
* Am trying out a TR Community coffee chat on Friday- intrigued to see the take up!
* Going to pick up some work in the TTW reviewers and editors group- been slacking

#### Where do you need help?
* None at the mo

#### Any other topics
* Excited to help out with TTW booth!

* Enrichment scheme student as trial for amabassador tasks.

## Date 11 January 2023

### Check-in ritual
Had a good ease back in week last week but feeling busy this week!

### Project specific Reflection
Starting to plan for 2023 which is nice, excited to have a bit more partnership team activitiy beyond the core team.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Onboarded JJ- new funded project postdoc
* Connected LGBTQ+ network with Roche contacts

#### Who helped you this week?
* EZ with R training- have finished all her modules- they were great!
  - EK - Great that you have done this. Can you remember to put this on our next CM report. Do you have any feedback for EZ to improve the course? or anything that you would need to implement the use of this in your work?

#### What did you achieve?
* R training over end of December and finished yesterday
* Onboarded JJ
* Planned out comms for SM paper- though still a question mark on blog- but can proceed either way
* Chaired community team meeting
* Promoted Knowledge Share meeting and planning for Feb and March
* Starting to plan for quarterly all hands scientific/community meeting
* Prepped January Newsletter

#### What did you struggle with?
* Ambassador scheme still languishing- think September launch will make the most sense at this point
* Ensuring I'm in enough meetings to help with the community side- concious of making sure outputs from "scientific" meetings trickling back to me. All hands should help with this
* Think a lot of people have not logged into the new Slack but hopefully they will trickle back in

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Onboarding enrichment students on Monday
* Inviting speakers for Feb Knowledge Share

#### Where do you need help?
* Comms plan for partnership- options of LinkedIn, GitHub page (less of a breakaway for comms but more work for me?) or website (we have funding but may be an issue politically but then very flexible for content/me to manage)
* How did you get press e.g new scientist to pick up cough paper

#### Any other topics
N/A
