## 2024-04-16

### Check-in ritual
With lots of nice energy as community members were generous with their time and trusted that I could make a good job

## Project specific Reflection
- [ ] Trying to connect the different inputs from last week's meetings. Finding concerns about capacity and a need to create systematic support for the community
- [ ] Make the assignment of the [Foundational Commmunity Building - Part 1](https://malvikasharan.github.io/community-building-foundational-training/community-narrative.html) / Prepare the WHY's for my conversation with BridgeAI Partners

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- [ ] [BridgeAI Community Meeting notes](https://hackmd.io/livifc8ISFOrPtua4Pia2Q?both)
- Meeting with BridgeAI Fast-streamer, Ella McCaffrey, introduce her to Malvika and Arielle at the Collaborations Cafe

### Who did you help this week?
- Ella
- Dominica

### Who helped you this week?
* Malvika 
* Arielle

### What did you achieve?
* Meetings with Arcancelo, Nico and Vera
* Review the ISA notes

### What did you struggle with?
Replace this text with a bullet point list.

### What would you like to work on next week?
- Prepare presentations
    - [ ] for BridgeAI (18 April) 
    - [ ] the Community Forum (23 April) 
* [Finish the documentation for the transition (RPM to RCM)](https://hackmd.io/M-DXcHVnTB6sX0euTGUCkw)
* Introduction text for Nico to present me to ISAs
* Meeting with ISAs prep: background prep, data from them
* Read the AI Governance document from Florian
* BSI meeting
* Github with summary of all my notes. KW will be better at the meta case study (May)
* Add The Turing Way Case studies in the book ---> Find a space to add it
* Coffee chat with Aida to hope to collaborate with RAM and BridgeAI
* https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBat67X16v7fmM5pZzuFcTRdt8KtDhaHDTqc15MU0Qk/edit#heading=h.5ifvd9tmvah9


### Where do you need help?
* Review the presentations
* Review the message to BridgeAI and TTW community

### Any other topics
