## 2024-06-25

* Follow up with Gil, to get more context. We have always receive more feedback. To improve the service
* Open Source programme office, help people adopt OS and legal knowledge. ---> Email

### Project specific Reflection
- Objectives, go back to the job description and connect with what is coming plan. 
    - Community programming: engagement and operationalising. Document the processes
    - Community repository: events running, training, funding, general, debriefing document. Example: bi-weekly announcements, per month, source of knowledge (our Turing website - have access to edit the website)
    - Auditing the community to understand what is missing and the steps to be taken 
- Website: https://www.turing.ac.uk/partnering-turing/current-partnerships-and-collaborations/innovateukbridgeai

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- Objectives
- website
- equipment
- Holidays: cancel and then correct it to the right times
- New Role / Line management: Senior Researcher for BridgeAI (Open source aspect and Practitioners Hub). Bring some experience from RAM. 


## 2024-06-18

### Project specific Reflection
- The impact of sending bi-weekly announcements and inviting ISA's to join different BridgeAI meetings is working well. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- Budget use: AIGovernance
- KW updates, how often
- How to keep record of the actions
- [AI Insight Chat series](https://thealanturininstitute.sharepoint.com/:w:/r/sites/ISA/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B24738FA4-85ED-42B9-9FA0-9786A2DC8CB2%7D&file=Fireside%20Chat%20series%20BridgeAI.docx&action=default&mobileredirect=true) - Speaker: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaaF01JHgI4
- [BridgeAI Adoption Stages Framework vs SME maturity level](https://thealanturininstitute.sharepoint.com/:p:/s/InnovateUKlinks/EQKC0NKWe_ZHjNuAR9CUe4UBM0CENvUM6rPBbrM6DSyjSw?e=tLasYE)

### Who did you help this week?
- Clementina and Matt, workshop at LCW
- MMU Event on 16 July
- Vera: Data Lab meeting
- Arshiya: process for the NDA

### Who helped you this week?
Book Dash:
- Fran+Lucy
- Vicky
- Batool
- Ella, case study framework

### What did you achieve?
* ISA Catch up was good
* Presentation at DCE Community Call with Dominca

### What did you struggle with?
* Life and moving houses

### What would you like to work on next week?
- Open Forum Europe and EU AI Act: David Perez Suarez (OSPO office at UCL), they need a space. How people are using Open source  ---> on 27 June
____
## 2024-06-11

### Project specific Reflection
- Feeling little by little more in control and able to navigate work more confidently

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- Budget use: AIGovernance
- KW updates, how often
- How to keep record of the actions
- [AI Insight Chat series](https://thealanturininstitute.sharepoint.com/:w:/r/sites/ISA/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B24738FA4-85ED-42B9-9FA0-9786A2DC8CB2%7D&file=Fireside%20Chat%20series%20BridgeAI.docx&action=default&mobileredirect=true) - Speaker: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaaF01JHgI4
- [BridgeAI Adoption Stages Framework vs SME maturity level](https://thealanturininstitute.sharepoint.com/:p:/s/InnovateUKlinks/EQKC0NKWe_ZHjNuAR9CUe4UBM0CENvUM6rPBbrM6DSyjSw?e=tLasYE)

### Who did you help this week?
- Clementina and Matt, workshop at LCW
- MMU Event on 16 July
- Vera: Data Lab meeting
- Arshiya: process for the NDA

### Who helped you this week?
Book Dash:
- Fran+Lucy
- Vicky
- Batool
- Ella, case study framework

### What did you achieve?
* ISA Catch uo was
* Presentation at DCE Community Call with Dominca

### What did you struggle with?
* Life and moving houses

### What would you like to work on next week?
- Open Forum Europe and EU AI Act: David Perez Suarez (OSPO office at UCL), they need a space. How people are using Open source  ---> on 27 June
